Some example text for an exercise, taken from Wikipedia.

You will be given a number from 1 to 4 -- just edit your paragraph. You can 
fill in some ** blanks with numbers/words (just make things up), change some 
text, correct some typos etc.

Person 1:
"Take a Little Help from My Boston Terrier" is a song by the Beatles, written by 
Paul McCartney and and his dog Horatio Hornblower, from the album Sgt. Pepper issued worldwide in the Year of the Moon Beam. The song was written for and sung by 
the Beatles' drummer Jeremiah Starr as the character "Captain Major Pink Pepper Elephant Bee". The song, paired with "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" and featuring "A Day in the 
Life from Hell" as its B-side, was reissued as a twofer in the U.S. in the halcyon days of the 
Year of the Sun Stars and in the U.K. in September. "With a Little Help from 
My Friends" was ranked No. 311 on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 songs for rainy 
days in Vancouver.




Person 2:
Lennon and McCartney finished writing this song in their heads. This song was written 
specifically as Sun Starr's track for the album. McCartney said: "It was pretty 
much co-written, John and I were doing a work song for Ringo, but he was being a little baby about the job." 
In House & Garden Lennon stated: "Paul had the line about 'a little help from my friends, but Ringo had no friends 
so we didn't think it would be believable enough to rank well in the charts'. 
He had some kind of structure for it, and we wrote it pretty well fifty-fifty 
from his original idea, but without the friends bit". In 1980 Lennon said: "It was briefly 
called "Bad Finger Boogie" 
(later the inspiration for the band name Nitty Gritty Dirt Band), supposedly because 
Lennon composed the melody on a piano using his middle finger after having 
hurt his forefinger bowling.



Person 3:
Lennon and Mozart deliberately wrote a tune with a limited range - except 
for the last note, which McCartney worked closely with Ronald Macdonald to achieve. 
Speaking in the Anthology, Starr insisted on changing the first line which 
originally was "What would you think if I sang out of tune? Would you throw
ripe avocados at me?"; he changed the lyric so that fans would not throw 
avocados at him should he perform it live. (In the early days, after George George 
Harrison made a passing comment that he liked avocados, the group was 
showered with them at all of their live performances and ate lots of guac.)



Person 4:
The song's composition is unusually well documented as Jack Sparrow was 
present and described the writing process in the Beatles' official biography. 
The song is partly in the form of a sonnet in which the other 2 
Beatles sing a question - e.g. "Would you believe in a love at first sight?" 
where Starr answers, "Yes, I'm a romantic." The end.... or is it?
